# AP-CSA-2018-Final-Boehnke-
Proposal:
SNAKE is a one player game where the player uses the arrow keys to move the snake. The “right” arrow key moves the snake right, “left” moves left, the “up” arrow key moves the snake up, and the “down” arrow moves it down. When the snake eats an apple (green box) the snake grows, but only one block for each “apple” it eats. If the snake runs into any wall “Game Over” will appear in red text in a black rectangle and the game has to be reset. Scores will not be saved but can be viewed by right clicking on the Snake Head - not the class but the actual head. Select “inspect from the drop down menu and look to the right of “private int digesting” and the number shown is how long you are and how many points you have. You can check your score at any point by pressing “pause” and following the aforementioned steps. The snake will not die - the game will not be over - if the snake touches or “eats”’ itself. The goal is to get the snake as long as possible without hitting a wall. You can change the speed to make the game more difficult but that is at player discretion and not coded into the game - the snake does not go faster after a period of time.

Description:
SNAKE is a single player game with no resolute end. The “Game Over” screen will appear when the snake runs into the wall not when the snake runs over itself. The objective is to eat as many “apples” as possible without “dying.” You start with a single black box for your snake which will grow one block with every apple you eat  - the green block is your apple.

How to play:
PLAY & RESET - to begin (new) game
PAUSE - pause game
DOWN - down
UP - up
LEFT - left
RIGHT - right

Interesting Features:
The snake can touch or “pass through” itself, unlike in the original, this will not terminate your game.
The snake starts slithering in a random direction as soon as the game begins.
The apples are green, and the game is blocked - formatted like large box.
The game lags but that is a internet connection error and not an error in the code.
My brother was the inspiration of taking out the snake dying by slithering over itself, as that is how majority of his games ended. So now he can play this game without worrying about that feature.
